docs: add link to correct page (#12665)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/running.md

- You self-host Renovate, e.g. by running the pre-built Docker image, or
- Someone else is hosting Renovate, and you install/configure it for the repositories you choose

> If someone else is hosting Renovate for you, or you are using the WhiteSource Renovate App on GitHub, then you can skip ahead to the [installing & onboarding](https://docs.renovatebot.com/getting-started/installing-onboarding/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If someone else is hosting Renovate for you, or you are using the WhiteSource Renovate App on GitHub, then you can skip ahead to the [installing & onboarding](./installing-onboarding.md) page.
```
 This should work too. 🤔

Author: Let's try that then! It will probably be easier for the `mkdocs build` or `mkdocs serve` program to check the links if we use a relative link instead of a fully qualified path?
